hey folks this is the protocol weekly
call for May 9th just a few updates
we've actually been doing 11 UX work on
for those schools so I will um kick us
off and Dan you're not somewhere where
it's easy for you to take notes right
yeah okay thanks my own math so um I've
been working a lot on the MLS tutorial
so forever but I feel like a medium
study or progress so there are now at
least drafts of lessons on making a
directory moving a file copy a file
reading a file so we're getting closer
to the end of that and then we'll need
lots of lots of testing from people to
make sure all the mistakes I've
anticipated and provided error messages
for I'd say once a week and then on the
UX front there are a few things that
we've done so let me pull up actually
pull up so one of the things we've done
[Music]
is to add a nice little formatting
option when you're probably actually
show you lots of things at once here so
there we had added abuse left a view
solution earlier that when you clicked
it it actually replaced the contents of
the editor with the solution and you
didn't have a way to like take a look at
it compared it to what you've done and
then go back and edit what you've done
it was just over writing it so Diogo has
updated it so you now see the solution
underneath the text that you're working
on it's possible to copy and paste it in
there but it's a little extra step it
makes you do a little bit more of the
work yourself and it preserves the work
that you've done and lets you keep
working on it
and so revamping that was one of the
things just let me know
um and then you'll also find that we've
think about which lesson to show this on
but so this is now still work in
progress but we adding the possibility
of using markdown formatting within the
messages that we give at the end of
lessons so instead of making you look in
your console now you can see a lot of
things down here which was a previous
improvement but now when we're making
these little messages that precede it we
can use markdown to do code highlighting
and stuff like that and something we are
hoping to do in the near future is also
add that to the success and failure
messages just just makes things a little
bit friendlier so authors can use
markdown to get things to come out the
way they want so that's another one that
Diogo recently
[Music]
we I fixed some alt tags
I was actually testing something with a
screen reader the other day and as it
goes through all these little all of
these sweats it reads like lesson 9
completed lesson 9 in progress except it
was reading those all as complete and
then lesson 11 not started so it's
actually a really nice experience on
this screen reader that it's clear what
the statuses better I think then for
people who are looking at them and
there's occasionally some confusion
about what the symbols mean so we just
fix the LTI egg so that it's giving the
right message for that symbol that was
given the wrong one and we have some
some typos I got fixed by someone
reading through our instructions for
developing tutorials and those are
continuing to be kind of developed and I
make you as we add new features that
people can use and then the other cool
thing is that all we finished is
end-to-end testing which we saw a demo
of last week so you can now run Cypress
and it will click through it can't do it
for file upload lessons but for every
other standard lesson it will go through
essentially like click on view solution
replace the code with this code hit
submit and make sure it works which is a
nice way to test that we're providing
correct solutions and that our
validation is working properly that's
really cool teacher that only got us
started on and diello contributed to as
well that's kind of in on the UX front
and I've been getting a lot of pairing
help on that in the first tutorial um on
the community side I have a few china
requests to work through for new
chapters there I think that's that's it
on my end apart from a couple of
movement announcements dan did you have
anything you wanted to share today umm I
think one thing looking at your demo I
love where things are going it's really
cool to see but in the this large and
growing list of the
tutorials we have it might be good to
put some of each one of the topics into
an accordion or something along those
lines so that you can collapse and see
what topics you can go through lessons
on easier because as we add I know it's
gonna be this very large scrollable list
will be hard to navigate I don't know if
that makes sense do you mean on the home
page where all of them are listed yeah
so each individual want because right
now if I if I was seeing it right each
topic has lessons underneath it yeah so
yeah that would be an interesting
feature to add and if you want to throw
in an issue in the queue for that that's
a good idea that we may work on this
shortly as we add more content hasn't
been an issue so far you were looking at
the version that has the ffs tutorial
and without that it's you can pretty
much see at least part of it on the main
page let's get ready exactly but we'll
get a few more in there so yeah okay
I'll drop an issue when I get there
Thanks um I think I am excited to see
IBM s camp potentially coming through as
well have you heard back yet
I have heard back and I'm waiting to
hear back if there is potentially
financial support so there is yes if not
then we'll see okay yeah so that that
means well is the other thing I wanted
to mention for anyone who hasn't heard
this johannes call already two events
coming up that you might be interested
in one is ipfs camp first ever taking
place in barcelona
june 27th to 30th and the application
deadline for that is May 17th so next
Friday or as soon as space runs out so
I'd encourage people to get applications
in early and it's not clear to everyone
from the registration site but that is a
the process there for applying is about
people reviewing your application
looking at the work you're doing making
sure that the event is a good fit for
you and vice-versa so do take the time
to to explain your interests in there
decentralized web and ifs and like kind
of work you're doing in the community
with photo school etc um and then the
other event which is one that I'm
running is offline camp which happens in
Oregon from August 2nd to 5th and that's
a very small tech retreat we take about
30 to 35 people into the woods and talk
about solutions and challenges of really
low bandwidth or non-existent network
connections which is a an offline first
approach to making tech work so it's
developers and designers some of the
people who come are interested in
decentralized solutions and some are
interested in better syncing and that
kind of stuff progressive web apps all
of that so um feel free to apply to that
as well that one will certainly have
registration open longer but we have a
discount until May 17th next Friday to
save $150 and there are a few
scholarships available that one as well
as for ipfs camp so they are linked from
the meeting notes to any of those yeah
and anything else you think up down no
it's pretty exciting on all fronts in
the community right now so yeah makin
making progress and we're about to have
a lot more content on proto school
because we have some folks preparing
ipfs camp content and the workshops not
all of them but some of the workshops
will include you know at least part of
their content might be a total school
tutorials so we'll have a lot of work to
do kind of proofing other people's
tutorials that they've authored and that
will help us to think more about what
how we can make experience easier for
the author specifically and keep
improving those instruction so yeah
we're excited both to have the new
content need to have this the guinea
pigs for building tutorials cool yeah
and it's just about the right time to be
spinning up some more produce cool
meetups because of that so yeah so I
think once this em FS tutorial comes out
I'll try to publicize that to the
chapter organizers and let them know
there's new content because I know there
are there are some folks that haven't
touched the tutorials yeah in there and
meetups but for those
you are kind of working things as we
intend anytime we add new content is an
opportunity for them to I have another
Meetup and work through it and we got
great feedback from the Seattle chapters
Meetup a week or two ago so it was a
really great opportunity to get feedback
on the lessons in silence oh very cool
right well we will drop now and take our
14 minutes back to do hopefully
productive things with just Sokoudjou
some more validation next week sounds
good thank you so much